1. Phone battery is shown as battery melting down and as soon as our powerbank is plugged the cool, refreshing ice cream effect is made and the phone charges again (Stop the meltdown. Get a Scoop of Armor)
2. Choose which flavour of energy would your phone? Orange or Blueberry? (Give a treat to your phone with Armor Hue Hue Hue) (Social Media Interactive)
3. Ice cream or powerbank video (just like is it cake or fake videos) (Figuring out how to make ice cream look like powerbank is a menace)
4. ASMR dripping on plain powerbank (Ice Cream Scoop Melting) LMAO DED (i know you have already thought about it)
5. Apocalypse scenrio and the narrative says that we have to collect Emergency Rations and a Fat boy tells i need to get the armor scoop then people bash him saying yo uwant ice cream in this situation then we just reveal that scoop is a treat for our devices and a snack for them (Cringe but Okay)
6. Anti Brick Design Comparision Video with real brick and xiaomi powerbank (name masked obv) vs our powerbank
7. Mithilesh Rapid-Fire Quiz
8. Turn this in to a fashion utility showing it pairing up with different outfit (Outfit Of The Day kind of)
9. Bottomless Scoop illustration where the phone looks like an empty ice cream cone then used and drained then again charged and then again used and drained (Maybe 3 times) with conclusion "The treat that never runs out. Get 3 full charges from a single Scoop of Armor." 20k mAh can easily charge a 5k mAh phone 3 times at least if not we are selling a dabba powerbank tbh
10. Showing a confession of a weirdly described dream that my phone was charging with an ice cream then mithilesh wakes up and the Knight says its true here is Armor Scoop
11. Ice Cream Tub Unboxing Video? Real Ice Cream Yes
12. 'Don't Lick It' humor video?
13. Brain Freeze Price Drops - We will announce sale where the price drops significantly aka freezes but only for 30 minutes randomly during the day maybe late night to keep the stakes high then ssers have to turn on notifications to catch the freeze before the shit melts wdyt lmk
14. Recerating this glucon d Ad but for powerbamk - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fA61YSvBHU4
15. Actually advertise the powerbank as a built in heater in phulon wala kambhal hue hue hue might be thoda negative but people like this shit
16. On a sunny beach the powerbank blends with other ice creams while the other ice creams melt our powerbanks stays cool in illustration
17. "Flavor Drop" Limited Editions - told sidhdhi about this before as well i was thinking maybe lime flavour for 33w variant but she said we are currently on energy bar concept
18. "Scoop Challenge" (User-Generated Content Contest) i know Aum will hate this lekin sochne ke paise thodi lagte hai :)
19. Travel into a forest or some mall where the objects such as trees, animals, manequins etc look at a women with our powerbank and aspire and wonder how cool it is
20. Nutrition values of the powerbank - told sidhdhi but she want to preserve this for energy bar idea
21. The most sweet gift you can give to your friend is? it is? BoAt Powerbank no jk Armor Scoop
22. Cherry on top strategy - Randomly place a Gold carmd in 1 / 50 orders if a customer finds it they get their entire order refunded (or a free second unit for a friend would be even better) our unit econimics is fcuked anyways
23. A day in the life of Armor Powerbank
24. Oddly satisfying real life usage of Pb Extreme close-up video
25. Drip Check angle video matching outfits with powerbank
26. B2B/Corporate Gifting Angle - Your team doesn't want another branded coffee mug - give them the Scoop the gift that won't end up in your wife's bed maybe.
27. Gaming without the Meltdown most imp angle maybe if we are using mithilesh's story
28. Sweet Dreams of a phone after being charged with this
29. Sweet treat that has Zero Calories this needs more thought
30. We can leverage mithilesh's discord where Roast My Battery could be an event where people show their battery stats and then LMAO DED you definately need our pb can be made better
31. Ice cream jingle song maybe? lekin likhega kon lyrics? aur gayega kaun? maybe Aum? 😂
32. Desk Dessert where we will show a cool gaming setup and this is the only desert that is part of the setup
33. Feed the Beast angle where we will like show your phone is a beast but needs to be fed
34. We take a freezer put a powerbank in it with ice cream then some magical person comes does om bhat swaha and then when in the morning it is taken out its our pb
35. Powerbank game just like fall guys we can make content around it and maybe LMAO DED hold contest and give for free who wins
36. Share a Scoop campaign where friends can refer 1 another firend who can buy at maybe 15% discount to become a member of Scoop Nation - will definately boost sales by a lot and we could consider that 11% (Rs. 275) as CAC
37. Our Nani creator seeing the powerbank and getting confused and then the Gen Z ka 14 comes and explains
38. Scoop GPT for the website a cool Grok like LLM Inference?
39. Willy Wonka Golden Ticket strategy where every scoop sold within first week will have a grand prize - must be an aspirinational product, iPhone?
40. Continoues deal price increase timer where every 6 hours the price increases by Rs. 50 or maybe increase 0.1 paisa every second -- this will take around 3 days to go from 2199 to 2499 (Rs. 300 Discount at Launch Party)
41. Give your old brick powerbank and get the new scoop at just 999? Sidhdhi will kill me for this but yeah 🙏🏻
42. Excliusive launch for email and whatsapp subscribers with password protected LMAO DED product page
43. BFF Bundle with an extra usefull accessory for 2 people?
44. Armor YT channel can be used to hold content around the internet to promot powerbank in a very subtle manner maybe the first video can be on the 3rd-4th day of launch to keep the momentum
45. First 1000 buyers will have a permanent wall of fame on a dedicated page on the website this shit would be cool
46. 1% Villain concept where our powerbamk beats the Mr. 1% and saves all devices from 1% syndrome and charges them - might be cringe but witty humor can excel in this
47. Anti brick dont buy this hook and then we show our design and its utility usage
48. Recreating that news channel wala video but with a better script
49. 24-Hour challenge with our powerbank where the person has to survive with all devices - Macbook, Phone, TWS and survive for 24 hour with 1 fully charged armor scoop
50. Lauch matching armor merch as well -- leave the sourcing part to me you guys focus on design
51. Making personalities around our powerbank where the orange one is more of a extrovert and blue is like calm personality people can resonate more
52. New flavour every year / quarter subscription maybe
53. Person goes into a ice cream parlour and then gets an ice cream when it tries to make the payment then the phone speaks up and says 'bhai mere liye bhi kuch lele' then he asks the store owner 'iske liye bhi kuch dedo' the owner smils and goes in the godown and pulls out armor scoop hue hue hue
54. Powerbank narration videos where the powerbank speaks with its own voice and says how many phones it has saved today from melting down would be cool af we need to crack the voice only
55. charging animation where Flavour-coloured light lines moving through cable and charging the phone
56. Mini Short Vlog – Scoop that saved my flight maybe?
57. Old powerbank funeral video would be cool 😂
58. Billboarding would be cool aint it? – Coolest Powerbank Ever?
59. Meltdown POV of a phone where the phone panicks - screen flickers, vision blurs then after plugging it feels good
60. School surprise bag checking scenario where the one in whose bag there is the coolest object wins or maybe we can even try a pissed off version of this
61. Public Reaction after seeing the powerbank first time in an interview
62. the powerbank hung on the phone and everyone the customer passes by sees it and wonders what it is
63. Cold open concept where the pb will actually be freezed in the freezer and then taken out of it and then the plugged to the phone and it charges and also illustrtively cools down the phone this will act as a hook + making people watch till the end
64. Recreating that Ice Block Video where the powerbank would be in an ice cube and then we wait for it to melt and then plug it to a phone - satisfying to watch angle can be implemented
65. Go to people in the street and ask what do you think this is? Vape 🗿, Soap? No its a powerbank - good hook i feel
66. Mr. Beast type but for launch video where we rent a space and have 100 old phones there and then we take a box full of Armor scoop maybe 30-40 pieces and we make 2 teams compete against each other where they all rush to charge all the 100 phones with the scoop there will be a timelapse of them charging all devices the visual scale would be memorable and will also put on the Utility appeal
67. Leak email hook where the email like this gets leaked:
To: Armor Marketing Team
From: The (Tired) Engineers
Subject: STOP CALLING IT 'CUTE'
Body: "Team, please. You have to stop. You're so focused on the 'drip' and the 'flavors' that you're forgetting to tell people:
It's 10,000mAh. That's 2-3 full charges.
The cables are BUILT-IN (Lightning & Type-C).
It has a Digital Display (not just 4 dots).
It's Fast Charge compatible.
It's not a 'snack,' it's a high-performance peripheral. Please, just once, mention the specs. Thanks."
68. We actually open the powerbank internals and show each component will be interesting to watch what's inside our scoop powerbank can also play around with some memes
69. Kind of an extension with same angle of indea 66 where we pose as 'lets see how many scoop powerbank is required to charge 20 fully dead phones'
70. Showing customer testimonials as soon as they are delivered so we need to do Air Shipping for first 100-200 orders and we ask them to make a tweet or record a video most of our orders are from Maharashtra so they get delivered within 2-3 days so we have 4-5 days to get this shit done before we hit 1st week
71. We show a haters comment saying It's just a averge powerbank with painted on top and tehn we show what that drip is hiding so armor Scoop looks like a treat works like a beast kind of this angle bromther hue hue hue
72. 
